Dark alley:Would you want to lit a candle and explore it ?:As the candle's light brightens the room, you notice a shiny stack of gold:30:0:0:0
Strange corridor:This corridor's shape seems to be moving. Would you want to wait to see what it's going to become ?:As you wait and nearly fall asleep, you are quickly awakened by the sound of an enemy charge !:0:0:1:0
Strange corridor:This corridor's shape seems to be moving. Would you want to wait to see what it's going to become ?:As you nearly fall asleep while you wait, you suddenly hear something crashing on the floor nearby.:0:0:0:1
Poorly lit corridor:You can barely see what lies ahead of you. Would you like to take the time to explore your surroundings ?:As you take a torch, you suddenly realize three quick shadows are moving towards you.:0:0:3:1
Poorly lit corridor:You can barely see what lies ahead of you. Would you like to take the time to explore your surroundings ?:You stumble upon something, you quickly burn a match to see what it is.:30:0:0:1
Dark alley:This corridor is as dark as a moonless night. Would you like to light the torches on the walls ?:You step on a tricky tile on the ground, and an arrow hits your shoulder.:0:2:0:0
Old passage:An ancient passage covered in spider webs. Would you like to clean them to see what you can loot ?:You stumble upon something.:0:0:0:1
Old passage:An ancient passage covered in spider webs. Would you like to clean them to see what you can loot ?:An enemy charges quickly, as though it is protecting something. It scratched you, prepare to fight back.:0:1:1:1
Dark alley:This corridor is as dark as a moonless night. Would you like to light the torches on the walls ?:As your eyes get caught on a shiny stack of gold, you quicly notice two moving shadows on the right.:20:0:1:1
Victorian corridor:A very impressive and majestic corridor, filled with candles everywhere. Would you like to spend some time searching the place ?:An enemy sleeps on a huge pile of gold. You charge !:100:0:1:1
Victorian corridor:A very impressive and majestic corridor, filled with candles everywhere. Would you like to spend some time searching the place ?:As you nearly fall asleep, your cape gets caught in fire ! You quickly turn it off before it burns any more of your skin:0:3:0:0
Organic corridor:An eery looking place. It is covered in a flesh-like texture, with veins and all, constantly pulsating. Although it unsettles you, you think the greatest treasures must be found in the strangest looking places. Would you like to check it out ?:You find a bright sack of gold, laying on top of something else. You get closer to have a better look.:150:0:0:1
Organic corridor:An eery looking place. It is covered in a flesh-like texture, with veins and all, constantly pulsating. Although it unsettles you, you think the greatest treasures must be found in the strangest looking places. Would you like to check it out ?:You explore the place nervously. Suddenly, three foes cut through the wall and jump on your back, hurting you in the process.:0:2:3:1
Orgainc corridor:An eery looking place. It is covered in a flesh-like texture, with veins and all, constantly pulsating. Although it unsettles you, you think the greatest treasures must be found in the strangest looking places. Would you like to check it out ?:As you look around, you notice a foe staring at something on the ground. As you get close, it thinks you want to steal from him and attacks you.:30:0:1:1
Bright corridor:A corridor bathed in a reassuring and warm light. Although it may be a trap, you consider spending some time here ?:You search the place around.:10:0:0:0
Bright corridor:A corridor bathed in a reassuring and warm light. Although it may be a trap, you consider spending some time here ?:As you try to rest, a foe breaks out of the room you came from.:0:0:1:1
Dark alley:This corridor is as dark as a moonless night. Would you like to light the torches on the walls ?:As the light invades the room, it also casts the shadow of a foe on the walls.:0:0:1:0
Bright Corridor:A corridor bathed in a reassuring and warm light. Although it may be a trap, you consider spending some time here ?:You search the place and find a hidden room in the stone. As you finally figure out how to open it, two foes that were inside immediately charge, throwing you some fourniture.:30:2:2:1
Devastated corridor:A corridor bearing the heavy scars of a fierce battle. Would you like to search among the remnants of the conflict ?:You find a huge chest left unlocked. Your dreams have come true:150:0:0:0
Devastated Corridor:A corridor bearing the heavy scars of a fierce battle. Would you like to search among the remnants of the conflict ?:As you cut and smash your way through the rumbles, a foe suddenly catches you off guard.:0:1:1:1